@startuml

package gear-lib {

'describe all libraries
class libbase64
class libconfig
class libdarray
class libdebug
class libdict
class libfile {
    libfilewatcher
}
class libfsm
class libgevent
class libhal
class libhash
class libhomekit
class libipc
class "libmedia-io"
class libmp4
class libp2p
class libplugin
class libposix {
    libposix4rtos
    libposix4win
}
class libqueue
class librbtree
class libringbuffer
class librpc
class librtmpc
class librtsp
class libsock
class libsort
class libstrex
class libsubmask
class libthread
class libtime
class libuac
class libuvc
class libvector
class libworkq

'describe dependency of all libraires
libconfig     --* libposix
libgevent     --* libdarray
libhash       --* libposix
libipc        --* libdict
libipc        --* libgevent
liblog        --* libposix
libmp4        --* "libmedia-io"
libmp4        --* ffmpeg
"libmedia-io" --* libposix
libplugin     --* libposix
'libp2p        --* librpc
'libp2p        --* libposix
'libp2p        --* libhash
'libp2p        --* libgevent
'libp2p        --* libsock
'libp2p        --* libthread
libqueue      --* libposix
librpc        --* libdarray
librpc        --* libgevent
librpc        --* libworkq
librpc        --* libhash
librpc        --* libsock
librpc        --* libthread
librpc        --* libtime
librpc        --* libposix
librtmpc      --* libgevent
librtmpc      --* libqueue
librtmpc      --* libposix
librtsp       --* libsock
librtsp       --* libbase64
librtsp       --* libgevent
libthread     --* libposix
libtime       --* libposix
libuac        --* "libmedia-io"
libuvc        --* "libmedia-io"
libvector     --* libposix
libworkq      --* libgevent
libworkq      --* libdarray
libworkq      --* libposix
}
@enduml
